This file contains an overview of folders and files inside data.

## load.py
This file contains functions for loading the data listed here. If the data listed here is needed, the user can import loading functions from synth_assess.data.load. Note that files that are of the form {'data': [list of data]} are loaded just as [list of data] by loading functions.

# /data folder contents
This folder contains data used for reaction network generation.

## mp_solids_data.json
Materials project data on ground-state experimentally realized materials. If not otherwise specified, this data is used to generate reaction networks (for possible competing reactions). Any alternate user-specified data must be of the same format. This file is in the form 

```
{'A1B1O1':{'material_id': mpid string, 'formula': clean-format formula string (A1B1O1), 'energy_per_atom': float, 'volume': float, 'energy_above_hull': float, 'theoretical': Bool (True if the material has no ICSD ID), 'formation_energy_per_atom': float, 'nsites': int, 'tm_precursor': Bool (True if the material is in tm_precursors)}}
```
where A1B1O1 is a clean-formatted formula.

## tm_precursors.json
A list of all (cleaned) precursors used in text-mined reactions. Unless otherwise specified, these are the precursors used in reaction network generation. The file is of the form
```
{'data':[list of precursor strings]}
```

## tm_rxns_by_chemsys.json
A list of all reactions associated with each chemical space represented in the textmined dataset. This format is most useful as reaction networks are generated by chemical space. Then, individual targets within th chemical space can be identified. This file is of the form 
```
{'A,B,O':[{'rxn':rxn string, 'precursors': [list of precursors used in rxn], 'temperature': float (K), 'atmosphere': str (excluded if oxygen or inert environment), 'doi': str for doi associated with the paper from which the reaction is mined, 'mp': Bool (True if all participating species are in MP)}]}
```
 where 'A,B,C' represents the elements in the chemical space in alphabetical order.

## tm_targets.json
A list of all (cleaned) targets in text-mined reactions.The file is of the form 
```
{'data':[list of target strings]}
```

## cifs_relaxed.zip
A zipped folder containing ~22,000 cif structure files generated with the Chemeleon generative model and relaxed using CHGNet.

# /results_data folder contents
This folder contains data with results from reaction network generation for both textmined and generated materials and synthesizability predictions for generated materials. Data from this folder is also used for plotting

## gen_mat_pred_gamma.json
A dictionary of generated materials, their associated information for reaction network generation, their associated gamma values, and the synthesizability predictions from the ML models used. This file is of the form
```
{'A1B1O1': {'nsites': int, 'volume': float, 'formation_energy_per_atom': float, 'tm_precursor': False, 'hull_energy': float, 'gamma': gamma (reweighted), 'predictions':{'PU-CGNF': float (0 to 1), 'SynthNN': float (O to 1), 'PU-CGNF': float (0 to 1), 'SynCoTrain': float (0 to 1), 'TSDNN': float (0 to 1)}}
```

## tm_entries.json
TM rxns and results formatted as a list of optimum-gamma and true reactions for plotting purposes. This file is of the form
```
{'data':[{'rxn': rxn string, 'energy': float reaction energy, 'c1': float, 'c2': float, 'gamma': float, 'true_rxn': Bool (True if reaction matches the text-mined reaction),  'gamma_new': float (reweighted gamma),'opt_rxn': Bool (True if reaction has the lowest gamma for associated target, temperature, and precursors-- both 'true_rxn' and 'opt_rxn' may be True for a given rxn. opt is determined using gamma_new), 'temperature': float, 'dois':[doi strings associated with the temperature, target, and precursors], 'target': rxn target string (cleaned), 'E_d': float (hull energy)}]} 
```
## tm_rxns_with_gamma.json
TM rxns and results (reformatted version of tm_entries, wherein the optimum and true rxns for a given target/temperature pair are together). This file is in the form 
```
{'A1B1O1 (formula)':{'1073 (temperature as string)':[list of rxns with associated temperature and target of the form [{'rxn': rxn string, 'energy': float reaction energy, 'c1': float, 'c2': float, 'gamma': float, 'true_rxn': Bool (True if reaction matches the text-mined reaction),  'gamma_new': float (reweighted gamma),'opt_rxn': Bool (True if reaction has the lowest gamma for associated target, temperature, and precursors-- both 'true_rxn' and 'opt_rxn' may be True for a given rxn. opt is determined using gamma_new), 'temperature': float, 'dois':[doi strings associated with the temperature, target, and precursors], 'target': rxn target string (cleaned), 'E_d': float (hull energy)}]}}
```

## tm_rxns.csv
A list of textmined reactions, each with the following information: target, hull energy, reaction string, temperature, dG_rxn, c1, c2, gamma_obs (associated with the listed reaction), and gamma_opt (associated with the most selective reaction for the specified target and temperature). For ease of use, this file is in a csv format. For more detailed data, refer to 'tm_rxns_with_gamma.json'.

## gen_materials.csv
A reduced dictionary of generated materials, wherein each material has the following information: hull energy, computed optimum gamma, and synthesizability prediction. For ease of use, this file is in a csv format. For more detailed data, refer to 'gen_mat_pred_gamma.json'.
